Update Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md (#10614)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet assigns a phone number to a user or resource account. When you assign a phone number the EnterpriseVoiceEnabled flag is automatically set to True.

> You can also assign a location to a phone number when you assign the phone number to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can also assign a location to a phone number when you assign the phone number to a user.

```

```
This example shows how to use Try/Catch and ErrorAction to perform error checking on the assignment cmdlet failing.

### Example 8
```powershell
$TempUser = "tempuser@contoso.com"
$OldLoc=Get-CsOnlineLisLocation -City Vancouver
$NewLoc=Get-CsOnlineLisLocation -City Seattle
$Numbers=Get-CsPhoneNumberAssignment -LocationId $OldLoc.LocationId -PstnAssignmentStatus Unassigned -NumberType CallingPlan -CapabilitiesContain UserAssignment
foreach ($No in $Numbers) {
	Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment -Identity $TempUser -PhoneNumberType CallingPlan -PhoneNumber $No.TelephoneNumber -LocationId $NewLoc.LocationId
	Remove-CsPhoneNumberAssignment -Identity $TempUser -PhoneNumberType CallingPlan -PhoneNumber $No.TelephoneNumber
}
```

> This example shows how to change the location for unassigned Calling Plan subscriber phone numbers by looping through all the phone numbers and for each phone number temporarily assigning it with the new loction to a user and then unassign the phone number again from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to change the location for unassigned Calling Plan subscriber phone numbers by looping through all the phone numbers, assigning each phone number temporarily with the new location to a user, and then unassigning the phone number again from the user.

```
